---
sidebar: false
outline: false
---

# ThinkActive Cloud Privacy & Cookies Policy

> Last updated: 15/09/2022

### 1.	Introduction

**1.1**	We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors, service users, individual customers and customer personnel.

**1.2**	This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of such persons; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.

**1.3**	Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the collection, sharing and publication of your personal data. You can access the privacy controls via the *Cookies* link in the footer of every page.

**1.4**	We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.

**1.5**	In this policy, **"we"**, **"us"** and **"our"** refer to Think Active Labs Ltd. For more information about us, see Section 18.

### 2.	The personal data that we collect

**2.1**	In this Section 2 we have set out the general categories of personal data that we process and, in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, information about the source and specific categories of that data.

**2.2**	We may process data enabling us to get in touch with you ("**contact data**"). The contact data may include your name and email address. The source of the contact data is you and/or third party integrations.

**2.3**	We may process your website user account data ("**account data**"). The account data may include your account identifier, name, email address, account creation and modification dates, website settings, social media account identifiers, and third party website identifiers. The primary source of the account data is you, although some elements of the account data may be generated by our website.

**2.4**	We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("**profile data**"). The profile data may include your name, email address, country, language, areas of interest, ticket type, role, organisation/affiliation details. The source of the profile data is you and/or third party integrations.

**2.5**	We may process information relating to our customer relationships ("**customer relationship data**"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your contact details, your classification / categorisation within our customer relationship management system and information contained in or relating to communications between us and you, or between us and your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you.

**2.6**	We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services and generated by our services in the course of such use ("**service data**"). The service data may include your registered sessions and coffee chat rooms interact with. The source of the service data is you and/or our services.

**2.7**	We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or that we send to you ("**communication data**"). The communication data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms.

**2.8**	We may process data about your use of our website and services ("**usage data**"). The usage data may include your geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system and third party integrations.

**2.9**	Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.

### 3.	Purposes of processing and legal bases

**3.1**	In this Section 3, we have set out the purposes for which we may process personal data and the legal bases of the processing.

**3.2**	**Operations** - We may process your personal data for the purposes of operating our website, and providing our services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website, services and business.

**3.3**	**Publications** - We may process account data, profile data and/or service data for the purposes of publishing such data on our website and elsewhere through our services in accordance with your express instructions. The legal basis for this processing is consent.

**3.4**	**Relationships and communications** - We may process contact data, account data, customer relationship data, transaction data and/or communication data for the purposes of managing our relationships, communicating with you (excluding communicating for the purposes of direct marketing) by email providing support services and complaint handling. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely communications with our website visitors, service users, individual customers and customer personnel, the maintenance of our relationships, enabling the use of our services, and the proper administration of our website, services and business.

**3.5**	**Personalisation** - We may process account data, service data and/or usage data for the purposes of personalising the content that you see on our website and through our services to ensure that you only see material that is relevant to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.

**3.6**	**Research and analysis** - We may process usage data, service data and/or transaction data for the purposes of researching and analysing the use of our website and services, as well as researching and analysing other interactions with our business. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring, supporting, improving and securing our website, services and business generally.

**3.7**	**Record keeping** - We may process your personal data for the purposes of creating and maintaining our databases, back-up copies of our databases and our business records generally. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely ensuring that we have access to all the information we need to properly and efficiently run our business in accordance with this policy.

**3.8**	**Security** - We may process your personal data for the purposes of security and the prevention of fraud and other criminal activity. The legal basis of this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection of our website, services and business, and the protection of others.

**3.9**	**Legal claims** - We may process your personal data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.

**3.10**	**Legal compliance and vital interests** - We may also process your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.

### 4.	Providing your personal data to others

**4.1**	We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.

**4.2**	Your personal data held in our website database will be stored on the servers of our hosting services providers identified at <https://www.digitalocean.com/>.

**4.3**	We may disclose account data, profile data and/or service data to our subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for supporting and developing of services related to the website.

**4.4**	We may disclose contact data account data, profile data, and/or service data along with any other personal data contained in enquiries made through our website or services to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and/or services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the personal data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party's use of your personal data.

**4.5**	In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.

### 5.	International transfers of your personal data

**5.1**	In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to a third country under UK and/or EU data protection law.

**5.2**	We may transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to the UK and process that personal data in the UK for the purposes set out in this policy, and may permit our suppliers and subcontractors to do so, during any period with respect to which the UK is not treated as a third country under EU data protection law or benefits from an adequacy decision under EU data protection law; and we may transfer your personal data from the UK to the EEA and process that personal data in the EEA for the purposes set out in this policy, and may permit our suppliers and subcontractors to do so, during any period with respect to which EEA states are not treated as third countries under UK data protection law or benefit from adequacy regulations under UK data protection law.

**5.3**	We have offices and facilities in United Kingdom. The competent data protection authorities have made an adequacy determination with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries.

**5.4**	The hosting facilities for our website are situated in United Kingdom and Germany. The competent data protection authorities have made an adequacy determination with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the competent data protection authorities, a copy of which you can obtain from .

**5.5**	You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.

### 6.	Retaining and deleting personal data

**6.1**	This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedures, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.

**6.2**	Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.

**6.3**	We will retain your personal data as follows:

* (a)	contact data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following the date of the most recent contact between you and us, and for a maximum period of 180 days following that date;
* (b)	account data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following the date of closure of the relevant account, and for a maximum period of 180 days following that date;
* (c)	profile data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following the date of deletion of the profile by you, and for a maximum period of 180 days following that date;
* (d)	customer relationship data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following the date of termination of the relevant customer relationship and for a maximum period of 180 days following that date;
* (e)	service data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following the date of termination of the relevant contract, and for a maximum period of 180 days following that date;
* (f)	communication data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following the date of the communication in question, and for a maximum period of 180 days following that date; and
* (g)	usage data will be retained for 365 days following the date of collection.

**6.4**	If you grant to us a licence to publish any of your personal data, we may continue to retain and publish that personal data after the end of the relevant retention period specified in this Section 6 in accordance with the applicable licence terms, subject to your data subject rights. If we cease to publish such personal data after the end of the relevant retention period specified in this Section 6, that personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days and a maximum period of 365 days following the date that publication ceases.

**6.5**	Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.

### 7.	Security of personal data

**7.1**	We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.

**7.2**	We will store your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure manual record-keeping systems.

**7.3**	The following personal data will be stored by us in encrypted form: your account data, profile data and/or service data (encrypted at rest).

**7.4**	Data that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser, will be protected using encryption technology.

**7.5**	You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.

### 8.	Your rights

**8.1**	In this Section 8, we have listed the rights that you have under data protection law.

**8.2**	Your principal rights under data protection law are:

* (a)	**the right to access** - you can ask for copies of your personal data;
* (b)	**the right to rectification** - you can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data and to complete incomplete personal data;
* (c)	**the right to erasure** - you can ask us to erase your personal data;
* (d)	**the right to restrict processing** - you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
* (e)	**the right to object to processing** - you can object to the processing of your personal data;
* (f)	**the right to data portability** - you can ask that we transfer your personal data to another organisation or to you;
* (g)	**the right to complain to a supervisory authority** - you can complain about our processing of your personal data; and
* (h)	**the right to withdraw consent** - to the extent that the legal basis of our processing of your personal data is consent, you can withdraw that consent.

**8.3**	These rights are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. You can learn more about the rights of data subjects by visiting <https://edpb.europa.eu/our-work-tools/general-guidance/gdpr-guidelines-recommendations-best-practices_en> and <https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/>.

**8.4**	You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, using the contact details set out below.

### 9.	Third party websites

**9.1**	Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.

**9.2**	In general we have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.

### 10.	Updating information

**10.1**	Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.

### 11.	Acting as a data processor

**11.1**	In respect of profile data, we do not act as a data controller; instead, we act as a data processor.

**11.2**	Insofar as we act as a data processor rather than a data controller, this policy shall not apply. Our legal obligations as a data processor are instead set out in the contract between us and the relevant data controller.

**11.3**  Details of the data controller's privacy policy can be retrieved from your study contact.

### 12.	About cookies

12.1	A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.

12.2	Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.

**13.	Cookies that we use**

**13.1**	We use cookies for the following purposes:

* (a)	**authentication and status** - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website, and to help us determine if you are logged into our website;
* (b)	**personalisation** - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you;
* (c)	**security** - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
* (d)	**analysis** - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; and
* (e)	**cookie consent** - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.

### 14.	Cookies used by our service providers

**14.1**	Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.

**14.2**	We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics gathers information about the use of our website by means of cookies. The information gathered is used to create reports about the use of our website. You can find out more about Google's use of information by visiting <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/> and you can review Google's privacy policy at <https://policies.google.com/privacy>.

### 15.	Managing cookies

**15.1**	Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:

* (a)	<https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647> (Chrome);
* (b)	<https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop> (Firefox);
* (c)	<https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/> (Opera);
* (d)	<https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies> (Internet Explorer);
* (e)	<https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac> (Safari); and
* (f)	<https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/4468242/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy> (Edge).

**15.2**	Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.

**15.3**	If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.

### 16.	Cookie preferences

**16.1**	You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website via the *Cookies* link in the footer of every page.

### 17. Third Parties and Trusted Partners

**17.1**  We use the following third party services on this website. Cookies from these services may be used on this site. Please refer to their Privacy Policies for more details:

* (a) [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy/)
* (b) [Microsoft AppCenter](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement)
* (c) [Sentry](https://sentry.io/privacy/)
* (d) [Sendgrid](https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy-2016/)
* (e) [Github](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)

### 18.	Amendments

**18.1**	We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.

**18.2**	You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.

**18.3**	We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.

### 19.	Our details

**19.1**	This website is owned and operated by Think Active Labs Ltd.

**19.2**	We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 11877453, and our registered office is at Think Active Labs Ltd., The Core, Bath Lane, Newcastle Helix, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE4 5TF.

**19.3**	Our principal place of business is at Think Active Labs Ltd., The Core, Bath Lane, Newcastle Helix, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE4 5TF.

**19.4**	You can contact us:

(a)	by post, to the postal address given above; or
(b)	by email, using the email address published on our website.

### 20.	Data protection registration

**20.1**	We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office.

**20.2**	Our data protection registration number is ZB006762.

### 21.	Representatives

**21.1**	Our representative within the EU with respect to our obligations under data protection law is Gerard Wilkinson and you can contact our representative by contact@thinkactivelabs.co.uk.

**21.2**	Our representative within the UK with respect to our obligations under data protection law is Gerard Wilkinson and you can contact our representative by contact@thinkactivelabs.co.uk.
